feat: added callback function for getting profilers (#393)
influxdata/influxdb-client-python: examples/README.md

- [query.py](query.py) - How to query data into `FluxTable`s, `Stream` and `CSV`
- [query_from_file.py](query_from_file.py) - How to use a Flux query defined in a separate file
- [query_response_to_json.py](query_response_to_json.py) - How to serialize Query response to JSON

> - [query_with_profilers.py](query_with_profilers.py) - How to get profilers records by callback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [query_with_profilers.py](query_with_profilers.py) - How to process profilers output by callback
```
